Welcome to Films and Stars, your all-access pass to the magic, mayhem, and megastars of the movie world.
This week, we sing the praises of Rami Malek's scene-stealing brilliance.
But for now, he's swapping spreadsheets for shootouts as a rogue analyst on a ruthless mission in The Amateur.
You ever wonder what they do with all the stuff you dig up for them?
That's not my job.
No, but you never wonder?
Well, it's the CIA.
I gotta trust that they'll make the right call.
Maybe it's better not to know.
Love you.
Love you.
Bye.
Bye.
It seems only logical to assume that the CIA makes the right call, but when his wife is then killed in a terrorist attack and his supervisors refuse to take action, this guy takes matters into his own hands.
The Amateur is a new spy thriller starring Rami Malek as Charles Heller, a CIA decoder who soon puts himself in the line of fire to find the truth behind his wife's death.
Rami not only stars in the movie, he's also one of the producers.
It's been a long time coming.
I've, uh, I've been working on this film for, I don't know, over five years, uh, as a producer and actor in it.
And, uh, you know, coming off of, uh, Bohemian and Bond, I was wondering what to do next and, and the studios were asking and I said, "I'd love to play an action hero," believe it or not.
And this is the way to do it, to subvert the genre, to find someone who, uh, you, you'd underestimate, the least expected hero doing extraordinary things, uh, for the sake of someone he loves.
So, it's great.
It's a love story and it's an action film, it's a thriller, and it's got humor, packs a punch, it's got globetrotting, all the things.
They'll love the fact that he's the underdog, that he's the unexpected hero, that we're used to films where the hero has to go into battle for something that matters and he gets trained up and suddenly he's a ninja with superpowers.
That doesn't happen with The Amateur.
He's always the ordinary underdog, and I think that's why we root for him.
I want to face my wife's killers, look them in the eyes, and balance the scales.
Take it.
Take it!
All right.
Point it at my chest!
Do it now!
Put your finger on the trigger.
You can't do what I do no matter how much I train you.
You're just not a killer, Charlie.
Play a character named, uh, Colonel Henderson, and, uh, I've been, uh, instructed by my superiors to train Charlie Heller, who's played by Rami Malek, uh, to operate in the field.
He's a guy who's an analyst at the CIA.
He's not really a, you know, a rough and tumble guy, he's more of an intellect.
And, uh, it's, it's a hard job.
(laughs) You're just a nerdy fellow that works on computers, but what you're doing is gonna kill you.
Do you ever account for the things I'm good at?
This is probably one of the biggest action-scaled film in a long time, um, which is quite different.
I mean, suddenly we have like, you know, Rami who's so incredible and led by his intelligence.
So I think this is gonna be exactly what people expect in terms of action, but with a twist.
I think they'll really be able to relate to him, because you can look at, I love the Bond films, I love Mission Impossible.
I love, you know, we all, we all love to go to the cinema for th- for that feeling.
Um, but you feel like a voyeur, I think, in this e- in this film, in The Amateur.
You can put yourself in Charlie's place and, uh, and perhaps it has more of a visceral impact on you, uh, because he is, uh, he does have that kind of cog-in-the-wheel feel of, uh, being part of the, the machine that tells him he can't, and he actually can in more ways than you'd expect.
In unusual ways, in unexpected ways, in explosive ways.
We got a ping in Rome.
He's in London.
He just got on a bus in Prague.
He practically invented half of our surveillance.
Maybe you all misjudge this individual.
For an action-filled and explosive good time, make sure to watch The Amateur.
You recognize her?
If you jump really fast, you might survive the blast.
Wait!
Born in California to Egyptian immigrant parents, Rami Malek discovered acting in high school and found it a way to escape from his everyday life.
When I grew up as a kid, part of me felt like I need to shed some of that.
Wanted to...
I didn't feel like I fit in.
Um, I definitely felt like the outsider.
And as I got older, I realized just how beautiful my heritage and my tradition is, and the wealth of culture, and magic, and music, and film, and just pure art that comes out of the Middle East.
And now I am so privileged to represent it.
After small parts in big franchises like Twilight and Night at the Museum, Malek got his big break as a mentally unstable computer hacker in the TV drama Mr.
Robot, a role he played maybe too well.
I think that the misconception, uh, with me may be that I, I, I play an, a very e- profoundly alienated human being with major social anxiety on Mr.
Robot.
Uh, I am, I'm not necessarily that human being.
And soon he found another perfect part, portraying iconic singer Freddie Mercury in the musical biopic Bohemian Rhapsody.Oh, there were the many facets of the man.
I mean, you could say he was, uh- I was thinking, I was thinking- ...
nine, ten different people at once.
...
it was him.
But, uh, it was just one Freddie Mercury, who at times was superhuman and at times, uh, had the same kind of human conditional, uh, problems that we all have.
Little bit of loneliness.
No, no.
A little bit of conflict.
I'm sad that you- Uh, trying to figure out our identity.
Immigrant, uh, bit of a fish out of water who ended up being one of the greatest, if not the greatest performer of all time.
Rami dove deep into the character, and ended up winning an Oscar for his impressive performance.
Right, so you just immerse yourself in everything you can find.
All the, um, archival footage.
You know, read books, watch documentaries.
But ultimately, the, the most useful thing for me was reading his lyrics.
Because, you know, that was a window into his soul.
It almost felt like a diary for me.
Now majorly in demand, he was soon being cast in big blockbusters, like getting to menace Daniel Craig's 007 in the 2021 James Bond flick, No Time To Die.
Oh, come on.
I'm, I'm, I mean, part of cinematic history.
This is one of the backbones of British film history, if not, you know, film history as a whole.
So for me, I, I mean, I could not be more grateful than to go toe-to-toe with t- my favorite Bond in Daniel.
Uh, it, it's a once in a lifetime experience.
It really is a once in a lifetime experience.
In 2025, Malek took on a new challenge, producing and starring in the action-packed thriller, The Amateur.
Rami Malek is fast becoming one of the top stars in Hollywood, but luckily he hasn't let it go to his head.
Just coming here and seeing all these fans outside, it, that's new to me.
Yeah.
It's never quite that big.
So, uh, it's just, it just shows the, the maturation of, uh, what I've been able to accomplish.
And I'm just, I'm still humble that, uh, every time I see someone wanting a picture and an autograph.
It's, it's never lost on me how cool that is.
Since the dawn of time, the climate has changed.
87.
It will keep on changing long after we're gone.
86.
Your mother is dead.
Wow.
85.
And your dad is on fire.
No, I...
It's sheer arrogance to think that we control the fate of our planet.
(laughs) Together our future is bright.
We are all dead.
There are some movies that distinguish themselves in their genre, and then there's The End by filmmaker Joshua Oppenheimer.
Instead of us telling you what it's about though, we'll take you back to the Toronto International Film Festival, so the amazing cast and crew can update you on this unique picture.
So the, this, this film is a golden era musical set in a bunker with ostensibly the last family on Earth, who have kept themselves safe after the collapse of the Earth.
So Tilda plays a mother who has left her family behind and is traumatized by that.
Michael Shannon plays an, um, energy tycoon, the father.
We have George MacKay playing their son who was born in the bunker, grew up there 25, for 25 years.
25 years, uh, of life in the bunker.
He's never seen the sky, never seen the outside world.
And then there's Moses Ingram who plays a young woman who gets in and bears the gift of honesty.
And that honesty changes everything and unsettles everything, and the film follows the consequences of that for everyone in the cast.
I think before my character even comes in, these people, um, have very clear rules to their world.
Um, and it is neat and clean.
And girl is not as neat and clean, and it, it brings a lot of stuff to the surface that I think the, the course of the movie is how we sort of dig through those things that happened.
Someone's here.
How did you find it?
I'll never see the sky.
Did no one else make it?
Careful.
You can easily cross a line.
What drew me to it is, is this sort of creative ambition of the project.
I mean, I was a fan of, of, of Josh's film, The Act of Killing.
And when I knew that he was then going to be doing a musical set in a bunker after the, the collapse of the Earth, I thought I just, I had to be a part of it.
And the team that was assembling around him, like Tilda was on at that point, and, and he, and our DOP, uh, Misha as well who shot films like Leviathan.
I just was like, I, I was so privileged to get the opportunity to be part of that team, so that was it.
I'd never initially when I read it, read anything like it.
Anything that had made me feel, um, that way.
I had so many questions.
And I think the songs ultimately are just another part of storytelling in a very different way.
And you sing when you have no more words to speak, and so it's just another level of getting it out, I guess I would say.
I'll never see the sky turn from blue to black.
And I know it can't turn back.
I love her.
But you've never met anybody before.
The fact that it's a musical is what makes The End about the stories we tell to, um, it's what makes The End about the stories we tell to cope with our deepest regrets.
If it were just, if it weren't a musical, it'd be a bleak science fiction scenario about a family struggling to survive in, at the end of the world.
That it's a musical makes it about hope, the sincerely held but ultimately false hope that keeps them going, and then the deep hope of us as makers that by telling this cautionary tale, we can maybe encourage people to face their painful and mo- and most urgent truths and change before it's too late.
It's too late for the family in the film, but it's not too late for us, the audience.
Make sure to check out the poignant and unique movie, The End, as it's out now.
What the hell did you tell her?None of it's true.
Coming up in Films and Stars, we count the cash and crown the kings of the big screen, and feel all the feels as an unlikely duo sparks something powerful in Black Dog.
Ryan Gosling and Shawn Levy's hotly anticipated trip to a galaxy far, far away is finally taking shape as the creative duo have revealed that the film will be titled Star Wars: Starfighter, and that it'll hit cinemas on May 28th, 2027.
The two stars unveiled the news at a Star Wars celebration event in Tokyo, where Gosling expressed his deep passion for the project.
The script, penned by Levy's frequent collaborator, Jonathan Tropper, who previously wrote This is Where I Leave You and The Adam Project, is filled with heart and adventure according to Ryan.
It's still up in the air whether the film's title means it'll be connected to the Star Wars video game of the same name, but Levy, who's been developing the movie since 2022, confirmed that Starfighter will be a standalone tale set five years after the events of 2019's The Rise of Skywalker.
Rumor has it that the team are seeking a teenage co-lead and two brand-new villains, though insiders have leaked the news that recent Oscar winner, Mikey Madison, turned down the opportunity to appear in the upcoming blockbuster.
Another weekend, another list of the highest-grossing blockbusters currently showing in cinemas.
We bring you the Box Office top five countdown.
I'm looking for my sister.
Does she look familiar to you?
She's gone missing?
I didn't say that.
Do a lot of people go missing around here?
At number five is a screen-worthy adaptation of the beloved PlayStation game Until Dawn, where a group of teens fight for survival against forces they can't explain and can't outrun.
Secrets will surface, trust will shatter, and only the strongest will live to see the light of day.
What happened to these people?
Where's my car?
Where's Megan?
We all got murdered, and now we're here again.
So, the night is just gonna repeat itself?
I don't remember that happening last time.
Please let me out.
Oh.
Ooh.
What?
Uh.
Is it gone?
Yeah, it's gone.
What?
It's still in my belly.
In the Overworld...
Whoa.
...
anything you can dream about, you can create.
So they built all this?
Dropping hard from the second position to the fourth best is another video game adaptation, a Minecraft movie, which excellently depicts the iconic virtual universe.
And we shouldn't forget the most famous Minecraft mob, the creeper.
A place with no joy or creativity at all.
You, what are you making?
Aww, egg.
If they get their way- Ah!...
this beautiful world and everything in it will wither and die.
Oh my gosh, I'm so soaked.
Ah!
This place makes no sense.
Mm-hmm.
(chickens clucking) Let's do this.
They want me to fight the chicken?
Chicken jockey.
Welcome to the Boise Romance Festival.
Ooh!
Whoa!
How are you?
I just love accountants (laughs).
That's a coincidence.
I like camping.
So do I.
I thought I saw an Airstream in one of your photos?
Yes, that's my home.
Uh- That's where I live.
Oh, permanently?
Well, as long as I am alive.
Oh.
Eventually, this body will be a corpse.
In third place, it's The Accountant 2, bringing back Ben Affleck's number genius, Christian Wolff.
What sets this movie apart from just being a regular old shoot-'em-up action movie is that...
Have you seen Gavin's previous films?
They always have a heart.
They're always story first, character first.
And I think that that's why this movie's awesome, because it's funny, but it'll make you cry.
There's a lot of comedy in it.
Um, it has something for everybody.
And also, I think for people, uh, neurodivergent people and autistic people really love this character.
I think that they feel re- in a good way represented by, by Christian.
Do you like puzzles, Mr.
Wolff?
Ray King has been murdered.
I need your help to finish the job you started.
How does this all connect?
Most brains see a pattern that's familiar.
My brain doesn't work that way.
Braxton, it's me, your brother.
Can you be in California in 24 hours?
I was just calling.
How have you been?
Merry Christmas, happy birthday.
But it's not your birthday.
Birthday is November 11th.
I'm walking to get what I'm after.
Till the day I, I, I, I, I, I, I...
The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural.
Is it possible to learn this power?
Not from a Jedi.
The runner-up position is taken by Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith, released in celebration of the film's 20th anniversary.
Very dangerous, putting them together.
I don't think the boy can handle it.
I don't trust him.I need your help, son.
I'm appointing you to be my personal representative on the Jedi Council.
You're on this council, but we do not grant you the rank of master.
You were the chosen one.
We've been gone a long time.
We back now.
You twins?
Nah, we cousins.
And sinking its teeth deeper into the box office helm for the second week in a row is Sinners, starring Michael B.
Jordan and Hailee Steinfeld.
Jordan pulls double duty, playing a pair of identical twins trying to leave their troubled past behind, only for their issues to be exacerbated by a greater evil lurking in their hometown.
One day, he's gonna follow you home.
We got us a problem now.
The hell going on?
Oh, we heard tale of a party.
Hey, I didn't mean to scare you.
Thought y'all done forgot about me in here.
Come on, open the door.
Let me on outta here.
Stay.
It's you?
Jessica Chastain is widely regarded as a versatile star who can tackle any genre, but scary movie fans will be pleased to hear that the red-headed beauty is getting ready to make a new horror flick.
The Oscar-winning actress is signed on for a main role in an upcoming film titled Incidents Around The House from English director Rob Savage, who previously creeped up audiences with movies like 2021's Dash Cam and The Boogeyman two years later.
The plot of the new picture, about a family haunted by an evil entity, is based on the novel of the same name by author Josh Malerman, who also wrote the book that the Sandra Bullock thriller Bird Box is adapted from.
Chastain may be great in intimate dramas, but she's no stranger to scary movies either, having starred in films like Mama, It Chapter Two, and Crimson Peak over the years.
There's no word on a release date for her new project yet, but Incidents Around The House will be produced by horror maestros James Wan and Jason Blum, so keep an eye out for more news on it soon.
Fresh out of jail, Lang heads back to his hometown in Northwest China just in time for the 2008 Olympics.
Assigned to a dog patrol, his world collides with that of a spirited black stray.
As they navigate their bustling streets and their own tumultuous pasts, they forge an unexpected bond that leads them on an unforgettable journey.
The movie premiered in Cannes in Un Certain Regard, and eventually took home the prize.
Watching the film there for the first time was quite an experience for lead actor Eddie Peng.
I wa-...
I read the script, and I feel like it's a s- just a story about a man and a dog, and they kinda mirror each other, right?
And their relationship serves as a, um, you know, reflection of their struggles, and ultimately becomes, uh, a source of salvation for both of them.
And, uh, while I was watching the movie, I feel like there's so much to s- to focus or to talk about in this movie.
It's strong.
It's...
There's a strong, intense theme in this movie, more than I thought, you know?
So it's, um...
so it's, it's been years, so for me, it's like I, I'm just, uh, like an audience looking at this movie.
I feel like I'm pretty proud of it.
(Music plays) Eddie is used to playing in epic blockbusters, so playing in a slow-paced indie film was quite a change for him, especially since the character of Lang is quite a silent person.
Uh, when I read the script, I thought he, he was mute.
Originally, the script, I have no lines.
I only have one line at the end of the story, and I just feel like...
It's like, I did a movie about...
It's called Hear Me.
It's, uh...
I, I do a lot of s- hand signs, so I learned ha- ha- hand, hand signs.
Yeah.
And I, I was just, "Oh, maybe I can do hand signs." But the director, Tiger, just told me, "This guy just don't wanna talk, you know?
He ha- he has friends that have this kinda syndrome." And for me, not talking and doing all this communis- communication with physicality, uh, is definitely one of the toughest one.
It compare with all this action, of course, mentally and challenging me, but then I think without talking, you just have to be really truthful, truthful in the moment.
Yeah, you see wh- wh- our, our, our, our movie called Black Dog, so my, I have to act opposite of a dog, and the dog is just so present.
They are just being truthful on set, and everything around, around it, they, they...
how, how he or she feels, s- she reacts naturally.
(Music plays) Eddie's life also changed a little bit by working on Black Dog.
I have this strong bond, of relationship with her right after filming, so I ask if I can adopt it.
So I adopted her, and I have been with her for two years, and that's...
And then now, we are, we're in Cannes Film Festival, so once I knew we got selected, I, I did all the paperwork and see if I can get her here.
It's a good thing that he brought her, as she went on to win the Palm Dog, a special prize for a memorable performance by a canine.
If you've become curious about her and Eddie's achievements, then make sure to check out Black Dog.
Next week in Films and Stars, we'll scan through Diane Kruger's screen profile.
Don't miss it.
