Welcome to Films and Stars, your all-access pass to the magic, mayhem, and megastars of the movie world.
This week, we celebrate the unstoppable screen power of Diane Kruger.
But for now, let's accompany her and her co-stars to the premiere of The Shrouds.
You own a restaurant in a cemetery.
(laughs) That says something, don't you think?
It's kind of a showcase for my business.
Does that say more?
Well, I think that the, um, décor in here says something, although I'm not sure what, those, uh, ominous, metallic ninja things.
(laughs) Those are the shrouds.
Shrouds?
Y- you mean like burial shrouds?
Yes.
Oh God.
I invented them.
Have you heard of the Shroud of Turin?
Whenever David Cronenberg drops a new movie, you just know it's gonna get weird, like, "What did I just watch?" weird.
From The Fly to Crash, from eXistenZ to Crimes of the Future, the man just doesn't do normal.
And guess what?
His latest flick, The Shrouds, is no exception.
How dark are you willing to go?
The film follows a grieving husband who's lost his wife and creates a high-tech burial shroud to stay connected with her even after death.
It's creepy yet kind of touching, but things don't stay sweet for long.
You just know it'll eventually go full Cronenberg chaos.
I think you know it's a David Cronenberg film because of a lot of, like, the writing, uh, the way the characters kind of relate to one another.
And then I think with this film in particular, the pace of it and also the way that the events play out in it, it- it makes it specifically David.
Diane Kruger signed on early, and we get why.
Her challenge wasn't just playing one role.
She tackled multiple characters.
It was really meeting David.
We had a very long initial meeting.
I read the script, so I knew what it was about, but when we initially met, um, he really allowed me to ask questions about the people it was based on, what was fiction, what wasn't, um, how he saw the characters, and then he, like, let me be free, you know?
It- it sat with me for a long time.
The Shrouds isn't just about mad science gone rogue.
It dives deep into grief, loss, and how far someone will go to hold onto the past, even if it means blurring the line between life and death.
There hasn't been a lot of people around in my life that ha- um, have passed, right?
Um, so I think this film certainly made me stop and...
Enjoy is not the right word, but you know what I'm saying?
To see someone's grief and how that is so unique to everybody, and as an artist, you know, you take what you feel, and you turn it into an- an artwork and into something beautiful.
Even with the film's dark themes, it wouldn't be a Cronenberg movie without a touch of twisted humor.
I think all of my films are actually funny.
I wouldn't say they're all comedies, but, uh, there's a lot of humor in them.
And I think that that's because it reflects what humans have devised in order to get through life, which can be very difficult.
There are many difficult things that we have to endure.
The longer you live, the more you- you see how that looks.
And then...
And one of the many strategies that we have to get through it is humor and this sort of sense of the absurd.
And so, that naturally comes out in all of my films, including The Shrouds, which technically is a film about grief, but it's...
A film that was only about grief would probably be quite unbearable to watch.
She's in my head, in my dreams, in my life.
What could that mean, I wonder?
What's going on?
I can't believe him.
The Shrouds is dark, it's smart, and it's 100% Cronenberg.
This one's gonna mess with your mind in the best way possible.
The shrouds.
It's not meant for the living.
Maybe they're not meant for the dead, either.
Blonde beauty Diane Kruger was born in Germany, but even as a teen, she would attend special programs to improve her English and studied ballet in London.
Then, at 15, she left her homeland for good and moved to Paris, where the multilingual star became a model and finally an actress.
I do work a lot on accents, and- and in the US, uh, you know, they don't really like accents.
(laughs) And I feel like when you're a European, you're sort of considered, um, to...
You have to be able to do all sorts of accents, whether it's Italian, Russian, or, you know...
They just think it comes natural to you, which it doesn't, but, you know...
So I do, I do sort of work a lot of accents.
For many American audiences, their first encounter with the German actress came in Quentin Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds, where she played a German actress passing secrets to the allies.
She especially loved the movie's fictional take on the Great War.
When you're German, you do get offered.
I mean, I get offered a World War II movie every week, you know?
And I've never...
I've always said no because I could just...
There's been so many movies about this, and good movies and important films, uh, but just so many.
And I just feel like it- it- it was time to make something different.
Because of the many foreign films she stars in, Kruger is also a familiar face at many of the world's most prestigious film festivals, such as Cannes.
To me, everything started in Cannes, and I'm forever grateful to the festival of- of how my career has gone, you know?
And I, I love it here, and they've always been so welcoming.
And I've never had a bad experience in Cannes, you know, with movies.
So I knock on wood that that will continue.
(laughs) But don't think Diane can only be found in period dramas and subtitled art house films.
In 2013, she went sci-fi as an alien parasite in a human body for The Host.So the idea was that because the souls have perfected our Earth, um, I thought she would have, you know, perfect posture, and she would speak very properly and be, sort of, terrifyingly nice all the time, you know?
She tackled crime drama in 2016's The Infiltrator.
First of all, it's the kind of movie that I'd go see in the theaters.
You know?
I'm forever fascinated with just that kind of crime, and then, you know, people that go undercover like that and who live double lives, I find fascinating, you know?
And 2017 found Kruger back at Cannes with the thriller In The Fade, in which she plays a woman seeking vengeance after her husband and son are killed in a terrorist bombing.
You know, the, the borders or the where's me, where's her, sort of blur, the lines blur.
And I still, to this day, feel like I, uh, I am changed.
I, I carry her with me, I carry the stories that I've heard with me.
Um, and it's a very, very personal film for me.
She also made the female-centric action flick The 355 in 2022, the neo-noir movie Marlowe a year later, and the David Cronenberg horror flick The Shrouds in 2025.
Though Cronenberg's way of doing things definitely took quite some getting used to for Diane.
The process of working with David is, it- it's, it's, it's shocking, because he doesn't do table reads and he doesn't rehearse, which to me...
I remember arriving in Toronto, um, I was like, "Okay, so let's, you know, let's get started." And they're like, "Yeah, I'll s- we'll see you in two weeks.
Um, you have a costume fitting tomorrow." I was like, "What?
What are you talking about?
What do you mean?
Like, what?" Diane Kruger will never stop challenging audiences or herself, and her fans wouldn't have it any other way.
Sometimes it's, um, sad to, to end a movie and leave a character, but then sometimes, it's you can't wait to move on, because it's, like, been too intense.
But it's exciting to slip into someone else's sh- shoes for a couple of months, you know, and, and do something that you'd never do in your real life.
I love...
I mean, that's, it's exhilarating.
Ridley, are you okay?
It kind of felt like it was showing me something.
Hitting an animal with your car is sad, naturally, but it happens.
When you hit a unicorn though, it's a different story, especially if your boss discovers that the magical beast has healing powers.
Then it gets really dangerous.
Elliot and his daughter Ridley end up in a battle full of greed, magic, and well, a deadly unicorn.
The cast of Death of a Unicorn needed only one reason to participate in the project.
I think Jen and I both said, as soon as we saw the title, we were like, "Okay, this, that's a great title." The title of the movie said it all, because we knew that it was gonna be something that was funny and horrific at the same time, which is exactly what it was.
I mean, who kills a unicorn?
I mean, just to start.
You know, that's...
You gotta make that movie, and you wanna be a part of it.
If the movie is about what that title is, this could be good.
I would have done anything to be in this film.
I would have been a bush in the background.
So to be, you know, a pivotal part of a, a surprisingly heartfelt story, that was very exciting to me, and I just felt very lucky to join a incredibly talented group of people that I've always wanted to work with but never thought that I could.
Is there something in your car?
A lot of species in this area are rare.
Um, what exactly are we saying this is, though?
I think we know exactly what it is.
A horse-like, um, mam- uh, mammalia.
With some s- sort of protrusion or a growth.
It's a unicorn.
I don't think I should be in, in, in swim shorts for this moment.
Death of a Unicorn marks the directorial debut of Alex Scharfman, and he also wrote the script.
The cast is in awe of his accomplishment.
What a risky film to make as your debut, and it doesn't sound like it should work, but it does.
And it, it's all, it's all him and his brilliance.
He came into a pretty big room, in terms of a l- lot of different...
I mean, it was a big cast and a strong cast, and I was really impressed with him, because he was able to give us plenty of room and let us run around and do...
go as far as we wanted to go.
And then he could bring it back in (laughs).
He could- Mm-hmm.
...
wrangle everybody when he needed to.
Well, he's an incredibly successful screenwriter- Yeah.
...
but he'd never directed something b- before.
But he, he, he seemed to have an- Yeah.
...
enormous amount of self-confidence- Mm.
...
and assurance about what he was doing, and, you know, he really led all of us.
He was just so kind.
He's a really considerate guy, and he's a giggler.
So it, it...
I just think that's one of the greatest charac- you know, qualities anybody can have, if they're a giggler.
An opportunity for greatness, for immortality.
I've never been so alive.
Dad, please, just listen to me.
We need to give the little one back, okay?
Bad things will happen.
So how would the cast describe the movie, and why should people go and see it?
Eco-comedy horror.
That's a good one.
That's a really good way of putting it.
It's the perfect film for right now.
For where we are in the world, this is n- a must-see.
Yeah.
Uh, a very funny take on Jurassic unicorns.
(laughs) Just have some fun.
Relax.
Come on already.
W- w- you know- Wait, what, what are you gonna do?
What are you gonna do?
Huh?
You gotta see something.
W- what are you gonna do?
You're not gonna see the unicorn stuff?
You're not gonna see it?
You gotta see it.
What are you gonna do?
That's hard to say no to.
Make sure to catch the eco-comedy horror flick Death of a Unicorn as soon as you can.Coming up in films and stars, we rank the highest performing films currently in cinemas, and explore some tangled family ties in September Says.
Julia Garner is stepping into cosmic territory with her debut in the Marvel cinematic universe, but the actress was initially puzzled by her role.
The Golden Globe winner, known for her fearless performances, confessed she was initially baffled when offered the part of Silver Surfer in Fantastic Four: First Steps, zooming into theaters this July.
Why the confusion?
She assumed the character was male, a fair mix-up considering he is in his comic book origins.
But once the dust had settled, her surprise gave way to excitement when the talented star learned she'd be portraying Shalla-Bal, the fierce immortal Empress of Zenn-La, and devoted companion to the original Silver Surfer, Norrin Radd.
While she didn't spill any plot details, Garner hinted that her character, known for her loyalty to cosmic powerhouse, Galactus, walks a morally gray line, a refreshing spin on the classic character, promising extra depth and intrigue.
Julia's part of a star-studded cast for the film that includes Pedro Pascal, Joseph Quinn, Vanessa Kirby, and Ebon Moss-Bachrach as Marvel's original superhero family.
Are you the protectors of this world?
Yes, we are.
Your planet is now marked for death.
Another weekend, another list of the highest grossing blockbusters currently showing in cinemas, we bring you the box office top five countdown.
I'm looking for my sister.
Does she look familiar to you?
She's gone missing?
I didn't say that.
Do a lot of people go missing around here?
At number five, terror meets tension in Until Dawn.
A search for a missing sister turns into a nightmare when a group of friends are hunted by a mysterious force with a deadly connection to the area's past.
Twists, turns, and gut-punch scares will have you gripping your seat, if you can handle it.
Where's my car?
Where's Megan?
We all got murdered, and now we're here again.
So the night is just gonna repeat itself?
I don't remember that happening last time.
Please let me out.
Welcome to the Boise Romance Festival.
Ooh!
Whoa!
How are you?
I just love accountants.
(laughs) That's a coincidence.
I like camping.
So do I.
I thought I saw an Airstream in one of your photos?
Yes, that's my home.
Uh...
That's where I live.
Oh, permanently?
Well, as long as I am alive.
Oh.
Eventually, this body will be a corpse.
At number four, it's brains, brawn, and brotherhood in The Accountant 2.
I think, you know, in, in, in, in one way, you know, it's, you know, it's this great action movie, uh, that totally, you know, checks, checks all the boxes of...
It, it, it's exciting, it's got really cool performances, but, um, I just think that there's so much more underneath.
It's really a Trojan horse for, again, the complications of, of family dynamics and not being able to say the things that you always wanted to say, and, uh, brotherhood, and, um, you know, I just think there's so many themes underneath it.
It's just a super layered story, and, uh, I think that that's what we dig into in a sec.
Do you like puzzles, Mr.
Wolfe?
Ray King has been murdered.
I need your help to finish the job he started.
How does this all connect?
Most brains seek a pattern that's familiar.
My brain doesn't work that way.
Yeah.
Braxton, it's me, your brother.
Can you be in California in 24 hours?
I was just calling.
How have you been?
Merry Christmas, happy birthday.
But it's not your birthday.
Your birthday's November 11th.
I'm walking to get what I'm after.
Still, today I die, die, die, die, die, die, die.
In the Overworld- Whoa.
...
anything you can dream about, you can create.
So they built all this?
Climbing up a spot to occupy third place is A Minecraft Movie.
When an ancient evil threatens the Overworld, a courageous teen and an unlikely crew must step up to save it.
Full of heart, humor, and heroic builds, this is the video game adaptation fans have been waiting for.
If they get their way- Ah!
...
this beautiful world and everything in it will wither and die.
Oh my gosh, I'm so soaked.
Aah!
This place makes no sense.
Yeah.
We've been gone a long time.
We back now.
You twins?
Nah, we cousins.
Loosening its grip on the box office crown for the first time in two weeks to occupy the runner-up position is the horror flick, Sinners, set in 1932 in the Mississippi Delta.
Will somebody take me.
In your arms.
The Jim Crow era was a horror in itself.
So, to set a film like this, that kinda, um, challenges a lot of those, um, components, on some level, makes it a kind of a, a perfect-...
period, to set a film like that, this in.
Mm.
One day, he's gonna follow you home.
We got us a problem now.
The hell going on?
Oh, we heard tale of a party.
Hey.
I didn't mean to scare you.
Thought y'all done forgot about me in here.
Let's talk facts.
The Avengers are not coming.
Who will keep the American people safe.
And blasting its way to the top of the box office this week is the latest adventure from the Marvel cinematic universe, Thunderbolts, which flips the script on their usual tales of heroism.
I mean, I like anti-heroes.
I think anti-heroes are more interesting than regular heroes most of the time, um, and also, I think there's something really inspiring about what could make someone who has made mistakes in the past go to a place of making the world better.
I think there's something beautiful about that.
I can't think of a worse group of people trying to work together.
Stop!
Come on, it's me!
It's John, stop!
Who are you?
Who are you?
(screams) This could get messy.
No shit.
You thought you were gonna be some great saviors?
Grab your designer shades and buckle up, because the Kardashians are flipping the script with a bold new chapter.
Hulu and Disney are pulling back the curtain on Calabasas: Behind the Gates, a sizzling reality series that whisks viewers past the velvet ropes and straight into the luxurious, secretive world of the Kardashian-Jenner's inner circle.
The show was announced during a recent event, and promises an insider peak into the exclusive Calabasas community that the world's most famous family calls home.
While cast details are still hush-hush, Khloe Kardashian gave fans a juicy tease, calling the upcoming series very exciting, very new, and very excellent, hinting that fans might catch some familiar faces popping in.
Meanwhile, the famous clan's other show, The Kardashians, just wrapped up season six, with Kim teasing a possible new flame.
And season seven is already locked and loaded.
Khloe also confirmed that her brother, Rob Kardashian, may return to the fold, and that yes, the whole fam gets equal pay, and holds final veto power on what makes the cut, especially Kourtney, who's a stickler for editing out excessive use of the word "like." One, two, three.
(camera shutter clicks) Sisters September and July have always been a little strange, maybe because their mother, a photographer, poses them in eerie portraits.
However, their relationship is simple: September dominates, July follows.
After a violent incident at school, they escape to their grandmother's cottage on the Irish coast.
But out there, things start to feel off.
September Says is the directorial debut of Ariane Labed, who always dreamed of getting behind the camera.
I wanted to start directing when I was on set on my first film as an actor, when I was 26.
This is when I went, yeah, it's the moment I went like, "I want to be in her position." I love being an actor, and I wanna keep doing it.
But directing was always, um, in the back of my head.
It took me time to, yeah, find the, the courage to say I'm actually doing it, or I'm gonna actually do everything I can to make it possible.
So it took me a long time also to finance my first, my short film.
Uh, but then I was so lucky that BBC Film, with Elements, watched my short film and saw that I could actually make a sh- a feature film.
And, and that helped so much, because in between the moment I, I read the, um, the book, and the moment we made it, it was only three years.
So it's not that long for first-time director, so I, I consider myself really lucky (laughs).
September says...
Turn around.
September says...
Don't (laughs).
September and July are both teenagers, which is always a compelling age for filmmakers, and Ariane can relate.
Being a teenager is very tough (laughs) because it's the moment where you have, or you're supposed to, or may be forced to, define your position in the world somehow, define your position in your classroom, in your high school, in your family, in the street.
All of that is, is, it's full of question at the moment that you're actually just starting to become the man or the woman you're gonna be.
It's way too much for (laughs) a human being to go through that without turning completely psycho, honestly (laughs).
So of course, it's a period of, of our lives that I think is great for fiction, because everything is perceived way more intense way, and it's also the moment where you're very vulnerable, also because you are, you're not complete yet.
Well, you're never complete in life, but you don't know that at that age.
You think you're gonna be complete at one point, so you feel very, maybe weak, somehow.
September says...
If I die, will you die too?
Yes.
Silly to lie.
For Pascale Khan and Mia Tharia, who play the sisters, it was their first time acting in a feature film, and Ariane couldn't be more proud.
I'm so impressed by them.
I was impressed during the shooting.
I was impressed during the editing.
I'm now so impressed sharing, sharing h- their work, our work, to the world, and how it's perceived and received.
Everybody see how amazing they are, and that makes me so happy, s- really deeply.
I mean, I can't thank them enough.
They've been so generous and so brilliant and clever and funny, and yeah, I, I love them very much.
If you've become curious about the drama thriller September Says, then make sure to check it out.
Watch where you put your feet.
What are you talking about?
September!
My sister says...
September says...
I'm gonna poke your eye out!
...if any one of us could remain, it would be you.
Next week in Films and Stars, we'll examine the career endeavors of the legendary Stellan Skarsgard.
Don't miss it.
